{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 My name is Saaim Khan and I am a 15-year-old sophomore at Cranbrook Kingswood Upper School in Bloomfield Hills, MI.\
My first love was robotics and to this day, it is something that I truly love to do. I have been the captain of my robotics team for the last six years, earning top honors at the state level all six years and we have qualified for the World Championship two times:\'a0gaining positions in the top 0.5% of robotics teams in the world.\
That being said, the area of STEM that I researched for my GSF project is biology. While my first love was robotics and engineering, in the 8th grade, I was inspired by my science teacher, Mr. Michael Auth, to apply for a grant that would cover any summer science activity that I wanted to do. I began looking and applied for a summer computational biology camp at the University of Michigan. This summer camp\'a0changed my life. I was introduced to the world of computational biology, a field which combined my newfound love for biology and my existing passion for engineering. After I completed this camp, I immediately knew that I wanted to expand on what I had learned and apply it to a larger scale. This is where Dr. Inhan Lee, president of miRcore (the organization that hosted the camp), stepped in. She inspired me to pursue a\'a0project in this field. Through weekly research volunteering sessions, I dedicated over\'a070 hours to this project, and it was her guidance and expertise that helped me keep going, especially when I thought that I would fail. I can never be grateful enough for her guidance and direction during this project.\
For my undergraduate study, I plan to major in either computational biology or biomedical engineering with a minor in Arabic Studies. I am not 100% sure what I would like to do after undergrad, but I am leaning heavily towards being a surgeon.\
If I were to win the GSF, it would be a signal to me that I have the tools and the skills to change the world for the better: something that I aspire to accomplish. However, it is critical that I emphasize that I am\'a0
\f1\b not
\f0\b0 \'a0entering the GSF solely for the chance of winning or for my college application. I am submitting my work to the GSF because it is my duty to those close friends and family of my parents that were afflicted by this relentless disease. They suffered pertinacious pain; I want that pain to be relieved for brain cancer patients throughout the world and the GSF is a simply a means for me to make that happen.\
}