{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The table contains a host of statistical values which must be understood in order to interpret the significance of the data contained in the table. The first column contains the computer-generated\'a0ID number for the gene being tested. This number essentially has no meaning in the results. The second column returns\'a0the adjusted p-value (adj. p-value) for the gene. The smaller the adj. p-value, the stronger candidate the gene is to be a miRNA blood-based biomarker. This is the primary value used for sorting, because the value is based off of multiple t-tests, thus lowering the count of false positives. A p-value less than 0.05 is considered to be statistically significant and worth investigating. The third column contains the raw p-value for the gene\'a0
\f1\b without\'a0accounting for multiple testing
\f0\b0 . As a result, this value is less accurate and the occurrence of a false positive is more likely. The fourth column returns\'a0the t-value. This value is instrumental in t-distributions which is used to calculate p-values. The fifth column contains the B-value for a specific gene.\'a0This value represents the slope of the line between the independent\'a0variable and the dependent variable. In this case, the independent variable is the sample and the dependent variable is the expression value for the gene.The sixth column returns the log2-fold change. This statistic reveals whether the gene is over expressed or under expressed in\'a0glioma patients (positive = over-expressed and negative = under-expressed). The last two columns give the gene symbol and full name respectively.
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}